[ECHO]
The Merle Forest?
You got it! That's
the deep wilderness
that starts near the
edge of Liverchester
and runs on farther
than you can imagine.
[BRUNO grunting]
[OLD MAN 2B] Folks can walk
through those woods for days,
only to find out they've
gone nowhere at all.
Eyes blurry, throats dry,
legs too heavy to lift.
Then the Merle
Forest reaches out
and drags them off
into the dark,
never to be heard from again.
Um. But after they get
dragged off, what happens?
[BRUNO grunting]
That's right.
Those unfortunate souls
get turned into Earless.
They forget all about
their lives as humans
and they even
forget how to die.
Only thing they can do
is roam the forest in agony
and try to pull in the next poor
soul that walks down the path.
And when they catch
some kid like you
with that dumb look
on his face‐‐[yells]
[SWELL]
Hey! Enough of that!
[ECHO]
Sis?
You sure have fun
teasing Echo, don't ya, fellas?
Even you, Bruno!
[BRUNO grunting]
[SWELL]
Let's go home, bud.
[chuckles] Till
next time, sonny.
Get ready, kid,
'cause my next story is gonna
be at least twice as scary!
[grunting]
[SWELL] Honestly. If you're
scared to walk to the bathroom
alone tonight, it's on you.
But it's weird.
I know the Earless are
really scary monsters.
That's right.
And if you're not a good boy,
they're gonna eat you up!
Stop! Do you know
where they come from?
Were they people once?
Cause Mr. Bruno said so, but is
it actually true? You think?
Bruno said that?
Well if you heard it from him,
I'd say there's no way.
[ECHO]
But then what are they?
[SWELL]
Good question.
If you really wanna
know about the Earless,
your best bet's probably
to ask a Player.
[ECHO]
A Player?
Uh‐huh. If there's
anyone who can tell you
how scary the
Earless truly are...
[SWELL]
...it's a Player.
[MU humming]
[ECHO]
My life is done.
We knocked over the
Monument of Admonishment,
on top of the Mayor,
and then we ran away!
Why? Why didn't I stay home
and mind my own business?
[MU]
Dude, shut up.
[ECHO]
Mu?
[MU]
What happened happened,
and whining about it
won't change anything,
so you might as well stop.
And that mayor guy?
He was way too annoying to die,
like I bet that thing
didn't even knock him out.
Plus, stuff happens, right?
Yeah. I guess.
Then that's that. We cool?
Oh yeah, so cool. Totally cool.
[MU]
Now here. Check it out!
Hold on, it's not safe!
[MU]
Just look!
Where?
It's huge. Like it
goes on forever.
I mean, I guess. It seems
about like I expected.
Heh. Based on what,
you have no memories.
Hmph. Fair point. Either way,
I don't think I'm ever
gonna get bored out here.
I'm so bored.
Sorry, uh.
Um, 'scuze me. Sorry.
Didn't mean to.
[sighs]
Hey, Echo, wake up!
[ECHO]
No I'm not asleep!
[MU]
You totally were, but look!
[ECHO gasps] Whoa.
Feels like it's pulling me in.
I know! And if you fell,
I bet you'd be
dead for sure, right?
[ECHO gasps] Stop, you can't
say stuff like that!
I'm already scared of
heights and the dark,
and we're all the way up‐‐
Uh‐‐ Oh‐Oh no.
There's a thing,
there's a thing out here.
Just let your brain catch
up with your mouth.
There, where I'm pointing!
Look there! That thing!
The Earless!
[BOTH gasp]
‐‐[EARLESS growl]
‐‐[ECHO gasps]
[ECHO] Wheels toward
the ground, please!
Echo!
Didn't even need to ask!
Barging in backstage 'cause
you didn't feel like waiting?
Looks like we got some
major buttheads in the crowd!
But so it goes.
And since you're all here,
I'm gonna show you
freaks a killer time!
[ECHO]
Watch out!
[yells]
Ah! It's that pose!
The one she used to beat
the Earless this morning!
[MU yells]
[ECHO]
Hell yeah!
Huh? [grunts]
Guess it, uh, didn't work.
Huh?
[EARLESS 2D growls]
[ECHO, MU scream]
[ZENDE] Lost consciousness.
Even death, perhaps?
[STUR]
Is there a difference?
Life is the process of dying.
Nothing undying is alive!
But putting that aside.
There was a light.
[EIN]
It's unmistakable.
We have glimpsed the glow
of the thing we sought.
The power that
was lost is found!
[STUR] In time,
the yearning of the heart
gives birth to collapse.
[ZENDE] The last of Heaven's
beasts has planted a seed.
[EIN] Indeed. Every door
stands open before us!
[ALL]
Let's Do It. a Dada!
How are we alive? It's crazy.
Ugh. What's crazy is why the big
explodey thingy didn't work!
[ECHO]
Explodey thingy?
Like when you punched the air
that time and light shot out?
Yeah. But in Liverchester,
I did it without
even knowing how.
[ECHO] Huh. I wonder
if that's the problem.
You don't have
a cool name for it.
Huh?
'Cause when you do
your ultimate attack,
you gotta have an
awesome name to shout,
or else it really isn't
ultimate at all, right?
There this famous saying.
"All great techniques
start with a name."
Maybe it's famous
for being super dumb.
[ECHO] Seriously, I bet that's
why it didn't work earlier.
It needs a name.
And once you take
care of that part,
everything else will be okay!
That's seriously stupid.
Wait, where'd your hands go?
[ECHO] I'm gonna come up with
a few more name options
in the morning, but whaddya
think about Arizona Chainsaw M‐‐
[MU]
Hey, remember when I told you
I'd kill you if you
looked at me?
[ECHO]
I'm really sorry.
[MU humming]
[ECHO] So, that thing
you're doing now.
What do you call it?
Sitting. Duh.
[ECHO]
No, that thing that's like
"hmm, hmm, hmm" but different.
You did it on the train, too.
You mean, like this?
[MU hums]
Let's see, it's like talking,
but through my nose.
Except it's not.
So you don't know? That sucks.
But it might be connected
to your lost memories!
Dontcha think?
Like in your country,
it's normal.
"Country." Oh yeah.
I think there's something
about countries in here.
Is that my Players
almanac? When'd you‐‐
[MU growls]
Uh‐‐ [chuckles]
But maybe. Yeah.
I bet we could
find out more about you
by asking Players from
different countries.
I mean, having no
memories must be hard.
And to be honest,
I'm fascinated.
With me? Jeez.
‐‐[ECHO] What?
‐‐What? You were talking.
[ECHO] Er, I thought
you said something.
Anyway, open it up to
page 31 real quick.
31? Uh.
[ECHO]
Yeah. That's the entry for
the longest‐serving
Player in history.
Ecrit Pton from the
Solid State Union.
He probably knows everything
about every Player around,
so maybe he would be able to
tell us something
about you, too.
Also, even if he can't,
we've still got options.
Turn to page 125.
That's Polly Bee.
She's known as a big advocate
for female Players,
and for trying to get
more women into it.
It would make sense if
she knew who you were.
And then on page 275 there's
Doctor Cula Spector,
who's dead now.
But when he was active,
everybody used to
call him "the Sage" for
his endless knowledge.
Someone in his country might
have some information on you.
‐‐Ooh, and then there's‐‐
‐‐Whoa, wait, hold up.
Have you memorized
the page numbers
for all the entries
in the book?
Yeah, just for fun.
Every year there's a new edition
with even more entries.
And I memorize every word.
Every word, for real?
Yeah, but that doesn't
mean every Player.
Back when I was a kid,
I saw this one Player
who wasn't in the books.
I told the grown‐ups about it,
and they all said
I'd imagined him,
but I couldn't have
dreamed this guy up.
He was way too cool for that.
Guess it happens sometimes.
Players don't get
put into the almanac.
I'm not sure why, but I assume
there has to be some
kind of reason for it.
Prob'ly so.
Hang on.
It just hit me, you're a Player,
and you're not in there.
So‐‐ Nope! Sorry! I didn't look!
Hey, Mu?
Who wouldn't be tired
after a day like this?
Still, you're
something else, Mu.
Going on a journey to
find your true self.
Yeah. Sounds all right.
And hopefully, we run
into him on the way.
Well then. It's getting late.
I prob'ly oughta hit the‐‐
Should probably hit the john
first, 'cept there isn't one.
We're in the
middle of the woods.
So where do I go then?
I should get out
of sight, at least.
[ECHO]
Seriously?
Not gonna pee there.
That's not a bathroom!
Is it even a building?
It looks like a bad dream!
It'll do.
[MU]
Echo?
Why would anybody build
a bathroom like this?
Guess beggars can't be choosers.
[ECHO]
It's like I'm a kid again,
getting scared to go to
the bathroom alone at night.
Especially after one of
the old timers' scary stories.
That always made it worse.
Come to think of it.
There's one about
a spooky forest.
Yeah, think it was like,
Merle, possibly?
Wait, don't tell me.
Could it be‐‐
[STUR] Any thing of real
beauty must bear thorns.
[ZENDE] For that is what makes
the nervous system dance.
[EIN] And that is what defines
our architectural method!
Gh‐Gh‐Ghosts!
[EIN]
How dreadful!
[STUR]
Dear Sister!
[ZENDE]
Please be strong!
[ECHO]
Crap! Crap, crap, crap!
Crap, crap! Mu!
There were these
sketchy girls in the‐‐
Oh man.
For real? No way.
‐‐[EIN] Boy.
‐‐[gasps]
You will answer us.
[ZENDE] That girl with you
bears a Core Part.
How did it find its
way into your hands?
[STUR]
That girl with you.
Is she the successor,
or merely...
[EIN]
...yet another fleck of debris
in the wake of the Collapse?
What? What collapse?
Beg your pardon, but I
don't follow you. [gasps]
Those symbols.
Those speech patterns!
It must be page 153!
You're the Neubauten sisters!
[ZENDE]
It is as you say!
Indeed, you now stand
in the presence of
the disciples of noise!
[STUR]
Observers of the new buildings,
and of their coming collapse!
[EIN]
Yes! They call us‐‐
[gasps] I'm you guys'
biggest fan!
The aesthetic of
creation and destruction
in your fighting style.
Those identities you've
kept hidden to this day.
Your fanatical global following
that may or may not exist!
[gasps] Uh. Autograph, please?
[ALL gasp]
[EIN]
Otto... grafplies?
[STUR]
G‐Grafplies.
He invokes the name‐writing
custom, Dear Sister!
[ZENDE] But whose name
is to be written?
Our names? His?
And who is to do the writing?
Autograph, please!
[STUR, ZENDE]
Dear Sister!
[EIN]
Calm yourselves! Look there!
A pen, in mine own hand!
[STUR gasps] Unrivaled is the
foresight of our beloved sister!
[ZENDE] Then let all
the names be written
in accordance with the custom!
This is gonna be
a family treasure!
Thank you so so much!
[STUR]
He is rejoicing.
He rejoices in
our presence, Sister.
[EIN]
Shh! He'll hear you!
We have to play it cool
at times like this!
[ZENDE]
We've written for him,
and now he will write
his name for us, too, Sister!
[EIN]
Yes. Such is an Otto Grafplies.
And once his name is written‐‐
that's not how this works!
[MU groans]
Dude.
How you gonna just run off
into the friggin' woods?
[groans] And what's with this
weird noise I keep hearing?
Huh? What the hell?
Why would you
wander off like that?
All alone, at this hour!
Whoa. Gross. Why are
you making that face?
Did you eat something
you shouldn't have?
[EIN] Child of Light.
We have come for you.
Hold up. Who're you guys?
[ZENDE]
We are nobody.
But after this, we and you shall
all become somebody together.
[STUR] His Greatness altered
the very essence of this world
during the great war that was.
[STUR] And now we have happened
upon a fragment of him.
What need for vulgar talk
in this auspicious time?
[MU] Echo? You three.
Did you do this?
[ZENDE] Of course not, it just
happened while we were here.
[STUR]
How awful!
That coincidence would
have us bear witness!
[ZENDE laughs]
One could call it coincidence,
and one could as easily
call it inevitable!
[EIN] Now join us,
successor of the Dada world,
and let us plunge headlong into
the depths of the
collective unconscious.
Screw all that crap!
[STUR]
Dear Sister!
[ZENDE]
The Dada successor refuses
an invitation to the
New World? Impossible.
[STUR] But so be it.
If she and we are at odds,
then that, too,
we must call inevitable.
And whatever is inevitable,
the unconscious must abide.
[EIN]
Then we let it abide.
Our philosophy bids us accept
the dictates of the unconscious
and give ourselves
over to the waves!
[ALL]
Weil!
Listen with pain!
[gasps, yells]
[MU]
Where are you?
[MU] Is somebody
controlling these guys?
[ZENDE] Oh no. Your power
is fluctuating madly
without the barest
hint of purpose.
This is no good at all.
[STUR]
Dear Sister.
This child surely bears
the power of Dada, and yet,
she's not even initiated
in its proper use!
[EIN] Indeed, not even
in the use of Equipment.
This performance would be
subpar for any Player at all!
[EIN, STUR, ZENDE]
Ah. Poor, pitiful thing.
[ZENDE] A Player is one who
makes their conviction heard.
But from you I feel nothing.
My heart is unmoved.
[STUR] You flail without grace,
and unforgivably, without pride.
[EIN] And with your failure,
the wrath of the Earless grows.
[MU] What? None of this
makes any sense!
[ZENDE] Would you care to find
out where the Earless come from?
[STUR]
Would you like to know
what they seek as they
roam across the land?
[EIN] The Earless are
the anguished cries,
the lingering regrets
of those humans
who sought to become
Players and failed.
You mean they're human?
[ZENDE]
They were, and in each of them
is a shard of their
old self, in agony over
what they've become.
[STUR] Man and beast
locked in eternal struggle
within one being.
The salvation they seek
comes at the hands of a Player.
[EIN]
They are the half‐men.
Our antithesis as Players,
identical in substance
yet opposite in form.
That is the true nature
of the Earless.
Yeah, and what
the hell do I care?
I know what I have to do.
Echo told me I'm a Player.
And Players have to beat‐‐
Oh no. What's wrong. Why?
[ZENDE] Ooh. Could this be
the awakening we dreamed of?
[STUR]
Well, one would hope.
After all, this child
is something special!
[ZENDE] His Greatness,
the Player who also reigned
as king of the Earless!
[STUR] The man who
sought to lead the world
into the tranquility of ruin.
The one we call our great liege!
[EIN]
You feel it, too, don't you?
That element of ruin
flows within your body,
a piece of him inside you.
Either start making sense,
or stop talking!
[EIN] Oh dear. You must
still be half asleep.
Well then. What do you suppose
you should do about this?
Echo!
[STUR] Now! We're sick of
waiting! Unleash your power!
[ZENDE] Do it now or we'll
turn this boy into an Earless.
Don't mess with me!
[ZENDE] It wouldn't be
the least bit difficult
if you would simply
let it happen.
[STUR] Do it! Bend your ear
to their cries of anguish.
[ZENDE]
What are you going to do?
[STUR]
Where are you going to go?
[EIN] How are you going to
tear this world asunder?
Shut up! I decide
who I am. Not you!
[ZENDE gasps]
Truly, beyond exquisite!
[STUR] No, not hardly.
The beast's ego freed her,
but now she can only flail away
with her broken chains.
Outta my way!
[EIN chuckles] You see now?
How easy it is to destroy.
[EARLESS roar]
[EIN, STUR, ZENDE]
Welcome to the world of Players!
[gasps]
Is that‐‐
[JIMI] As the ones who hang
their heads shuffle through life
with their gaze
fixed on their shoes,
the waves of feedback
crashing onto their ears
will coalesce into a melody.
And at last, the memory of
our bloodstained romance
will be washed away.
The knights set foot
upon a loveless world,
where some sight takes hold
of their insane eyes.
Now, speak your name.
[JIMI]
You Made Me Realise."
Pray now and be a Player.